= Changelog

== 0.22.1
* Migrated to ActiveCampaign

== 0.22.0

* Added support for Rails 7

== 0.21.0

* Update minimum postmark gem dependency to avoid use of TLS v1

== 0.20.0

* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.x
* Added support for Rails 6
* Dropped support for Ruby 1.8.7 and 1.9.3
* Added support for Ruby 2.7

== 0.19.0

* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.15.x.
* Added support for templated mailers.
* Added source_code_uri to the gemspec.
* Tested against all stable versions of ActionMailer 3.0-5.2 and Ruby 1.8.7-2.6.0.

== 0.18.0

* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.14.x.

== 0.17.0

* Add support for metadata.
* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.13.x.

== 0.16.0

* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.11.x.
* Added a section on error handling to the README.

== 0.15.0

* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.10.x.

== 0.14.0

* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.9.x.

== 0.13.0

* Update the postmark gem dependency to 1.8.x.
* Verified ActionMailer 5.0 support.

== 0.12.0

* Updated the postmark gem dependency to 1.7.x.

== 0.11.0

* Updated the postmark gem dependency to 1.6.x.

== 0.10.0

* Updated the postmark gem dependency to 1.5.x
* Called API access strings tokens instead of keys in documentation and code. Kept backwards compatibility.

== 0.9.0

* Enabled HTTPS by default.
* Added custom User-Agent header.
* Updated the postmark gem dependency to 1.4.x.

== 0.8.0

* Added support for open tracking.
* Updated the postmark gem dependency to 1.3.x.

== 0.7.0

* Updated the postmark gem dependency to 1.2.x.

== 0.6.0

* Updated the postmark gem dependency.
* Inherited inline images support.

== 0.5.2

* Removed the legacy code providing Rails 2 support.
* Added a Railtie for proper initialization in Rails 3+.
* Removed the post-install message.

== 0.5.1

* Upgraded actionmailer dependency to use >= 3.0.0.
* Added multiple gemfiles to test against multiple actionmailer versions (currently 3.0.x, 3.2.x, 4.0.x).

== 0.5.0

* Added integration specs.
* Updated the postmark gem dependency to 1.0.x.
* Removed attachments fix.
* Replaced README.rdoc with README.md.
* Added unit and integration tests for messages with attachemtns.
* Added batch delivery support.

== 0.4.2

* Updated the gem’s environment.
* Fixed the postmark gem dependency on 0.9.x.
* Added Travis-CI for integration testing.

== 0.4.1

* Fixed "returning" deprecation warning.

== 0.4.0

* Attachments support.

== 0.3.0

* Added support for Rails 3.
