= postmark-rails gem

The Postmark Rails Gem is a drop-in plug-in for ActionMailer to send emails via Postmark, an email delivery service for web apps. The gem has been created for fast implementation and fully supports all of Postmark’s features.

== Supported Rails Versions

* lower than 2.3: could work, but not tested
* 2.3 and higher
* 3.0

== Install

sudo gem install postmark
sudo gem install postmark-rails

== Requirements

* Postmark version 0.8 and higher is required.
* You will also need a Postmark account, server and sender signature set up to use it. To get an account, sign up at http://postmarkapp.com.

== Configuring your Rails application

=== Rails 3

Add this to your config/application.rb:

    config.action_mailer.delivery_method   = :postmark
    config.action_mailer.postmark_settings = { :api_key => "your-api-key" }
    
=== Rails 2

Add this to config/environment.rb:

    Rails::Initializer.run do |config|
    
      ...
    
      config.gem 'postmark'
      config.gem 'postmark-rails'
      require    'postmark-rails'
      
      config.action_mailer.postmark_api_key = "your-api-key"
      config.action_mailer.delivery_method  = :postmark
      
      ...
      
    end

For full API details, refer to the developer documentation at http://developer.postmarkapp.com.

== Tagging your deliveries

You can use a tag to categorize outgoing messages and attach application-specific information. Tagging the different types of email that you send lets you review statistics and bounce reports separately. Read more at http://developer.postmarkapp.com/developer-build.html#message-format.

=== Rails 3

    class TestMailer < ActionMailer::Base
    
      def tagged_message
        mail(
          :subject => 'hello',
          :to      => 'sheldon@bigbangtheory.com',
          :from    => 'leonard@bigbangtheory.com',
          :tag     => 'my-tag'
        )
      end
      
    end
      
=== Rails 2

    class SuperMailer < ActionMailer::Base
    
      def email
        from       "no-reply@beanseedapp.com"
        subject    "Testing new gem for Postmark"
        recipients "ilya@wildbit.com"
        tag        "my-another-tag"
      end
    
    end

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so we don’t break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
* Send a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Authors & Contributors

* Petyo Ivanov
* Ilya Sabanin
* Hristo Deshev
* Randy Schmidt

== Copyright

Copyright © 2010 Wildbit LLC. See LICENSE for details.